You have done most of
the work to arrive at
your log-likelihood
already. Now let's wrap up.
Now you can calculate the
log-likelihood of the tweets
as the sum of the Lambdas
from each word in the tweet.
So for word I, you add 0,
for am you add 0.
For word happy you add
2.2, for words because,
I and am, you add 0 and for
word learning, you add 1.1.
This sum is 3.3,
and this value is higher than 0.
Remember how previously
you saw that the tweet
was positive if the product
was bigger than one.
With the log of 1 equal to 0,
the positive values indicate
that the tweet is positive.
A value less than 0
would indicate that
the tweet is negative.
The log-likelihood for
this tweet is 3.3.
Since 3.3 is bigger than 0,
the tweet is positive.
Notice that this score is based
entirely on the words
happy and learning,
both of which carry a
positive sentiments.
All the other words were
neutral and didn't
contribute to the score.
See how much influence
the power words have.
Let's do a quick recap.
You used your new
skills to predict
the sentiment of a tweet by
summing all the Lambdas
for each word that's
appeared in the tweets.
This score is called
the log-likelihood.
For the log-likelihood
the decision threshold
is 0 instead of 1.
Positive tweets will have
a positive
log-likelihood above 0,
and negative tweets will have
a negative
log-likelihood below 0.
Well done. Now you can compute
using log-likelihoods.
They make many things
simpler and they
also help with
numerical stability.
Let's use them to implement
the naive-bayes method
in the next video.